feat: add `$app/manifest` module (#16372)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/app-manifest-module.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": minor
---

> feat: add `$app/manifest` module with `build`, `files`, `prerendered`, and `routes` exports

Author: ```suggestion
feat: add `$app/manifest` module with `immutable`, `assets`, `prerendered`, and `routes` exports
```
